Take a good look.
Look whose face is being lost now
See who everyone is laughing at
What was lost was the face of our entire Chen family
So what?
The Jiang family has agreed to give me the faucet stick
Give it to me, only our Chen family takes out 40% of the industry
At that time
Lao Tzu is the well-deserved family of the Chen family
And you're still just an earthy trash
Hahaha, the Chen family has been reduced to death
Unexpectedly, the Chen family that used to be beautiful
Now it's rotten pus
Then give me a good look.
How many times have I returned to the faucet?
You stop acting
Long enough
One hundred million
Even if the entire Chen family is sold, it is not worth the price
How do you know I can't come up with 100 million
If you take out 100 million today
I want to kneel down with you
Pay you the faucet stick with both hands
Chen Meixuan is so close